This excerpt from the QCR report shows areas
that can impact what employees do at the lowest level.
Lines four through six identify what to do
during emergency situations and natural disasters.
The facility chief would be responsible
for organizing and implementing plans.
However, front line staff assist in preparing
for these plans by purchasing the items,
creating a primary area for stocking,
rotating stock, et cetera.
It's important to know that all staff
play a role in facility planning.
Line eight identifies education.
Education is important to perform duties
at the optimum level while learning new skills.
Each of us has a role that involves
knowing the latest requirements to perform our job duties.